Update `black` documentation (#14120)
astropy/astropy: docs/development/codeguide.rst

      * or one can add a single ``# fmt: skip`` comment to the end of a line to
        disable ``black`` formatting for that line.

      .. note::
        ``black`` can also be manipulated into one-lining (assuming the statement
        fits inside the 88 character line length limit) or multi-lining a statement

>         by adding a trailing comma to the end of the line.

Reviewer: I know the use case this refers to, but I am not sure I'd understand it from the description (actually I recall it is enabling more "matrix-like" formatting, but what exactly is the effect – allowing > 1 item per line in a multi-line block?).
I think @eteq's comment on [adding a `+`](https://astropy.slack.com/archives/C04A0DV3680/p1668201774735609) might also be useful here.

Reviewer 2: Maybe something like this:
```
You can communicate to ``black`` that a list or array should be formatted as one item
per line using the `magic trailing comma 
<https://black.readthedocs.io/en/stable/the_black_code_style/current_style.html#the-magic-trailing-comma>`_.
This frequently helps with formatting arrays.
```

      * or one can add a single ``# fmt: skip`` comment to the end of a line to
        disable ``black`` formatting for that line.

      .. note::
        You can communicate to ``black`` that a list or array should be formatted
        as one item per line using the
        `magic trailing comma <https://black.readthedocs.io/en/stable/the_black_code_style/current_style.html#the-magic-trailing-comma>`_.
        This adding/removing this comma frequently helps with formatting "list

>         like" structures such as function input arguments or arrays.

Author: @dhomeier, @taldcroft, and/or @pllim  does this seem better?

>         like" structures such as function input arguments or arrays.

Reviewer: +1, only I'd suggest "one row/subarray per line" ("item" sounds more like a single element to me),
and "sill allowing" -> "still allowing".

>         like" structures such as function input arguments or arrays.

Reviewer 3: > Also I am still curious what @eteq's note on
> 
> > if I use some of the tricks like adding a + to get explicit matrices to line up
> 
> was about. upside_down_face

It is about vertical alignment of matrix elements, see e.g. https://github.com/astropy/astropy/blob/bd0ec6f5681ee4b79c1b742c93e0a3f31167cde0/astropy/coordinates/builtin_frames/fk4_fk5_transforms.py#L16-L22

>         like" structures such as function input arguments or arrays.

Reviewer: Nice. But maybe elementary, not sure if it warrants extra mentioning.

    This should be done sparingly, and only
    when ``black`` produces undesirable formatting.

      .. note::
        When a list or array should be formatted as one item per line then this is best
        achieved by using the
        `magic trailing comma <https://black.readthedocs.io/en/stable/the_black_code_style/current_style.html#the-magic-trailing-comma>`_.

>         This is frequently sufficient for formatting matrices while sill allowing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        This is frequently sufficient for formatting matrices while still allowing
```

>         This is frequently sufficient for formatting matrices while still allowing
>         ``black`` to check the code::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        This is frequently sufficient for keeping matrices formatted as one row
        per line while still allowing ``black`` to check the code::
```
The only thing I've been stumbling on is that the trailing comma does not really trigger any new formatting here, it just tells black to preserve the existing one-per-line format – perhaps this is making it clearer.
